Two households, both alike in dignity,

In fair Verona, where we lay our scene,

From ancient grudge break to new mutiny,

Where civil blood makes civil hands unclean

From forth the fatal loins of these two foes

A pair of star-cross'd lovers take their life;

Whose misadventur'd piteous overthrows

Doth with their death bury their parents' strife

The fearful passage of their death-mark'd love,

And the continuance of their parents' rage,

Which, but their children's end, naught could remove,

Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage;

The which if you with patient ears attend,

What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.



Romeo, a young man, son to Montague.

Juliet, a likewise young, daughter to Capulet.



Act III: Romeo and Juliet.

Scene V: Juliet's chamber.



[Enter Juliet and Romeo]



Romeo:

You pretty beautiful blossoming yellow flower! Thou art as lovely as

the product of a warm sunny summer's day and thyself. You are as amazing

as the sum of a cute handsome blossoming red rose and the sum of a big

blue gentle sky and thyself! You are as healthy as the difference

between yourself and the moon! Speak your mind! Remember me.



Juliet:

You brave charming proud fair rich golden lovely lord! You are as gentle

as the difference between thyself and the pony.  You are as gentle

as the difference between thyself and a warm peaceful sweet happy wind! Speak your mind!

You are as gentle as the sum of the difference between

my old father and the sweetest fine gentle angel and thyself!

Remember me.



Romeo:

Speak your mind! Recall me.

You are as gentle as the sum of the beautiful

blue big clearest beautiful heaven and the moon. Speak your mind!



Juliet:

Speak your mind! Recall me.



Romeo:

You are the clearest beautiful flower.

Open your heart!



Juliet:

You are as gentle as the difference between yourself and the sum of

the trustworthy rich rich King and the blossoming rose. Speak your mind.

You are as gentle as the difference between yourself and the sum of

the trustworthy rich rich King and the blossoming rose! Speak your mind!



Romeo:

You are as lovely as the sum of the pony and the death. Open your heart.

Thou art as tiny as the sum of yourself and the sum of the sweet sweetest

delicious thing and the golden thing. You are as tiny as the product of

yourself and yourself. Speak your mind! You are as happy as the quotient

between yourself and the happy happiness. You are as beautiful as the

sum of the rose and yourself. Speak your mind.



Juliet:

You are as noble as the product of the noble lord and the difference

between yourself and the sum of the mighty noble peaceful lord and

the amazing hero. Speak your mind!



[Exeunt]